---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
* 2021/09-Present
  * Undergraduate
  * Electrical Engineering and Automation
  * Northwest A&F University, China
* 2022/09-Present
  * Undergraduate
  * Artificial Intelligence (Software Engineering)
  * Northwest A&F University, China

Academic & research experiences
======
* Protein functional sites identification based on PU-learning method
  * Fall 2022-Present
  * Advised by Prof. LIU Ze
  * Northwest A&F University, Shaanxi, China
  * In this work, we proposed a PU-learning-based model for predicting plant S-acylation sites. The work was intensively on feature engineering, and the utilize of multiple currently effective methods to evaluate the model trained on PU data (positive and unlabeled data).

* Power transformer faults identification based on entropy of vibration signal
  * Fall 2023-Present
  * Advised by Prof. Wang Bin
  * Northwest A&F University, Shaanxi, China
  * In this work, we analyzed the vibration signal of power transformer. Composite multiscale slope entropy was utilized in our study as the features of vibration signals. And beetle swarm optimization algorithm was employed to improve the performance of our model.

* The performance of Large Language Models (LLMs) on the task of rating prediction
  * Summer 2023-Autumn 2023
  * Advised by Prof. SONG Linqi
  * City University of Hong Kong Shenzhen Research Institute, Shenzhen, China
  * In this work, we contrasts the performance of multiple recommendation models (NMF, DeepMF, SVD and etc) with LLM (Llama-7b), address the limitation of LLMs in understanding collaborative information by combining their outputs with traditional recommendation models. The work focused on prompt engineering. And through adding features generated by LLM, a llm augmented rating prediction in recommender system was proposed in our work. The paper of this study has been accepted by [ICASSP 2024](https://2024.ieeeicassp.org/).
  
Skills
======
* Programming language
  * Python
  * C
  * Assembly language (MCS-51)
* MATLAB
* Single chip microcomputer (MCS-51)
  * Keil µVision
  * Proteus
* Linux

%Publications
%======
  %<ul>{% for post in site.publications reversed %}
    %{% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  %{% endfor %}</ul>
